Beth editorial of home & installation (#128)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/install.mdx

> The Deep Sparse Platform is made up of core libraries that are available as Python APIs and CLIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neural Magic Platform is made up of core libraries that are available as Python APIs and CLIs.
```

All Python APIs and CLIs are installed through pip utilizing [PyPI](https://pypi.org/user/neuralmagic/).
We recommend you install in a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) to encapsulate your local environment.

> ## Installing the Deep Sparse Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installing the Neural Magic Platform
```

> To begin using the Deep Sparse Platform, run the following command, which installs standard setups for deployment with the [DeepSparse Engine](../../products/deepsparse) and model training/optimization with [SparseML](../../products/sparseml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin using the Neural Magic Platform, run the following command, which installs standard setups for deployment with [DeepSparse](../../products/deepsparse) and model training/optimization with [SparseML](../../products/sparseml):
```
